ICI LBT and you can see the tremendous rise that
you are seeing in today's trading session itself.
This stock ICICI LBAD is currently gaining more than 8%
and
what is the reason for this?  What are those factors after all
?  We have to understand that.  Obviously,
amidst all this, we will
also talk about ICICI Lo LBA and try to understand it a little.
Ravindra, our colleague, has
decoded the entire results.
What are the triggers behind the strong rally in ICICI LBAD?  Let us know about them first.
Yes,
ICICI LBD is in focus in today's session due to Q2 FI 26 earnings.
Where the company had announced its Q2 numbers
results yesterday after the market and
here the net earned premium in this quarter Q2
saw a growth of about 12.5% ​​on year on year
basis at ₹5652 crore.  If we talk about
gross premium return, then it also
saw an increase of around 1.5% on
year on year basis.  On the other hand, if we
talk about ROE, then the ROE of the company in Q2 FI 26 has been
in the range of 18 to 20%.  There has been a
significant jump in PAT as well,
in which a growth of 19% has been seen in PAT,
which has
increased from Rs 690 crore to Rs 820 crore.
If we talk about
solvency ratio, then the solvency ratio is
seen at 2.73 times.
Ah here the management has made
some positive comments in its concurrency.  Here the
management said that
due to the recent GST reform cut, the
non-life insurance sector may get a boost.  The
management is
quite optimistic about the second half of F26.   Regarding the
auto segment, he said that
due to the GST rate cut, the
cost of vehicle ownership has reduced.  Which is
encouraging customers to own and
upgrade to premium models.
Similarly, the motor segment also saw a
sharp uptick in the September quarter of
2025 due to festival demand and
vehicle price moderation related to
GST rate cut. The company crossed
its 4% market share for the first time
in retail health in September
2025. There are some more growth triggers for the company in the
future, such as the
company may benefit from the GST cut and the
demand in the auto segment will increase, while the
demand in health insurance may also continue.
If we talk about
brokerages here, then some
brokerages have increased their target prices.
So some brokerages have
upgraded the stock.  First of all let's
talk about Kotak Security, Kotak
Surya has upgraded the stock
with add rating and has increased the target price from 2100 to
2230.  ICICI
also upgraded the stock.
Ad and Elara have
also upgraded the stock to Buy which was
their first rating on Accumulate and have
raised the target price from ₹1960 to ₹2250.
Goldman Stocks, which has
maintained its neutral rating, has
raised its target price from 1925 to 1975.  So overall the
QT earnings of the company were muted
but the management commentary is
quite positive.  Brokerages are also
quite positive on the stock.  Due to which there is a
lot of rise in the stocks.
So, majority of brokerages
are bullish.
You can clearly see the action in the stock after the results.
If we talk about today only, then
ICICI LBR is strengthening by about 8% at this time, so Amit ji,
please tell me, would it be better to ride this bullish trend in ICICI LBT
?   Let
us already see that the run up has already come from here.
The volume is also seen to be quite good with the additions.  The
next
resistance that is seen forming is that of
2020.
As soon as a counter is stabilizing again above 2020 or
as soon as it is coming out above it
even after some time, then I would say that from there
we can see the next leg of buying in the counter
which can stretch from 2060
to 2120 levels.  So if you want to
create a new long position now, then you should
create a new long position only after it crosses above 2020.  So,
only after this important level can you
create a long position here.  As far as I'm
concerned.